npm install
npm install --save spectre.css



npm package called classnames:
npm install --save classnames

Then to open ROBO 3T I first had to open MONGO:
1. open 2 command prompt(the regular laptop one)
2. copy and paste the following on one of them:
    "C:\Program Files\MongoDB\Server\4.0\bin\mongod"
3. copy and paste the following on the second prompt,
(This one opens the shell so that i can edit my mongo throught their if i wanted):
    "C:\Program Files\MongoDB\Server\4.0\bin\mongo"
4. Then connect to the ROBO 3t:


figure out get route on server to be able to view my app locally with npm start.
I could use homework react examples.
Then keep editing the components.
ANSWER: we dismissed this because we reorganized our front end files to go in the client folder.
so now in order to see the front end work we are just doing npm start on terminal.



tonight ask Andy how do i get to view my edits locally. what am i missing.
ANSWER: Just get a separate client folder specifically for front end with a separate package.json

front end are gonna be in the client folder (public and src folder)

the rest is back end. so we dont need a server.js for the back end because we will be doing it through heroku.

push into github and master
front end look
read me
brians folders organization
make sure heroku works
banner behind logins
practice presentation
merge mine and Brians navbar

PLAN
make a separate package json in client???
no

npm run client to start client from the parent

npm run dev to run the React app and Server at the same time with concurrently

so i installed concurrently with the command: npm install concurrently --save-dev

and i added on package.json:
"client": "cd client && npm start",
    "dev": "concurrently --kill-others-on-fail \"npm run start\" \"npm run client\""

the npm run dev will start both the server and the react app so that i can open both back end and front end locally.

i did an npm install bootstrap in the client folder. Later do and uninstall of that same one in the maverick-move folder

Layout of the Home Page:
Navbar
Cards
Footer

So i work on Footer, README,

merge my src folder with brandons

we had to do the following after getting Brians code in our code.
npm install @material-ui/core
 npm install @material-ui/icons
